.ie \n(.g .ds Aq \(aq
.el .ds Aq '
.TH which 1  "which " 
.SH NAME
which \- Find which branch contains a file
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBwhich\fR [\fB\-a\fR|\fB\-\-all\fR] [\fB\-\-conflicts\fR] [\fB\-\-hash\fR] [\fB\-h\fR|\fB\-\-help\fR] <\fIPATHS\fR> 
.SH DESCRIPTION
Find which branch contains a file
.SH OPTIONS
.TP
\fB\-a\fR, \fB\-\-all\fR
Show all branches containing the file (not just the first)
.TP
\fB\-\-conflicts\fR
Detect and report conflicts (files with same name but different content)
.TP
\fB\-\-hash\fR
Use hash comparison for conflict detection (slower but more accurate)
.TP
\fB\-h\fR, \fB\-\-help\fR
Print help
.TP
<\fIPATHS\fR>
Path(s) within the share (format: [context:]path)
.SH EXTRA
EXAMPLES:
    nofs which media:/photos/vacation.jpg        # Find branch containing file
    nofs which \-a media:/docs/readme.txt         # Show all branches with file
    nofs which \-\-conflicts media:/config.toml    # Check for conflicts
    nofs which \-a dump/image/ dump/video/        # Multiple paths, all matches

OUTPUT:
    Shows the branch path(s) containing the specified file(s).
    With \-\-all, shows all branches that contain each file.
    Multiple paths can be specified; without \-\-all, only the first match
    is shown per path following the normal policy.

CONFLICT DETECTION:
    \-\-conflicts
        Check if file exists in multiple branches with different content.
        Reports conflicts when file content differs between branches.

    \-\-hash
        Use full file hash comparison for conflict detection.
        More accurate but slower. Requires \-\-conflicts flag.
